# Intro – INSTRUCTIONS: Welcome to the Zombie Information sp…

INSTRUCTIONS: Welcome to the Zombie Information spreadsheet!! I am Skrine (JSKRINE99), and this is the all-in-one source for all things zombies. This spreadsheet contains round times, easter egg cheat sheets, instakill round tables, and more. This spreadsheet has been a work in progress for the last couple of years. As time goes on, more and more information will be added to this spreadsheet. All information on here comes from the best players in the world and is rigorously tested (for the most part); however, not all information is worth putting on here. Easter egg steps, most part locations, and basically anything that could easily be found on YouTube will not be on here with some exceptions. All the info here is things that would be remarkably hard if not impossible to find anywhere else! On each page, the first cell, bolded and in gold, will contain the credits. Here, you will see everyone who contributed to that specific game. As more information is added, more people will be credited. Also, on each page, is a cell that says, "CLICK HERE TO VIEW ALL AVAILABLE INFO AND IT'S LOCATION". When you click this cell, a note will pop up containing the location of every piece of information about that game. If you only want to see a certain thing, simply find it in the note of content, then search that cell to automatically be taken to that section. Scrolling is an option as well obviously. Just above the credits is the link to a site called "Zombacus". I would HIGHLY recommend using it for high rounds as almost all world record players use it to help them throughout their game.